Is it hot in here, or is it just you?
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
You look like the type of guy who's heard every line in the book, so what's one more?
I'd like to see you're hard drive? I bet it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Can I make ur software turn into hardware?
Those are nice pants...could I talk you out of them?
Why don't I sit on your lap, and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Do you know what would look absolutely terrific on you?  Me!!!
Sex is a killer...want to die happy?
I looked up your name in the Thesaurus today and it was included under hot stuff!
Was your dad a king for a day? He must have been to make a prince like you!
Do you have a fever?  'Cause you look pretty hot from here.
Do you believe in love at first sight...or do I have to walk by again?
Are your legs tired?  'Cause you've been running through my mind all night!
Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes.  :)
Sit on my lap and let's get things straight between us.
If you've lost your virginity, can I be the box it came in?
Those pants looks good on you, but they would look better on my bedroom floor.
If you are what you eat, I could be you by morning.
What do you think of this dress? I like nothing better.
Do you sleep on your stomach? If not, Can I?
That's a nice smile you've got, it's a shame it's not all you're wearing!
I love every bone in your body. Especially the one I'd like in mine!
Are you free tonight, or will it cost me?
Screw me if I'm wrong, but you want to kiss me don't you?
Can I look at the tag on ur shirt? I want to check see if you were made in heaven.
Hey baby, are you wearing space underwear tonight? Because your ass is out of this world!
Do you have mirrors in your pockets? Because I can see myself in your pants!
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Excuse me, do you mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
I hope the word of the day is legs, because I would sure like to spread the word.
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes!
Your daddy must be a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of buns.
Do you know the essential difference between sex and conversation? If not, Wanna go upstairs and talk?
Do you mind if I ask you a personal question? Would you mind licking my belly-button? From the inside?
I know milk does a body good, but DAMN...How much have you been drinking?
