"A wok is what you throw at a wabbit."
"Alright, but Shamu wouldn't work under these conditions!"
"Are we clear?" -- Teacher   "No, we're opaque." -- Yakko Warner
"But we'll never survive!"  "Nonsense.  You're only saying that because no one ever has."
"Grey! Did I hear you say grey?"  "Light black.  From pole to pole."
"Here's what I know," said the physicist.  "If we lived in a microscopic world, trucks would crash into walls, fly apart and then reassemble perfectly on the other side of the wall.  This has been proven."
"How do you get all those coins?"  "IN PAIRS."
"How many tentacles has Great Cthulhu got?"  "Too many."
"I guess the joke's on me," she said
"I only live about ten percent in this reality."  "So where's your summer cottage?"
"So, we're doing some restructuring and looking into changes to our pay progression.  How is the progression at your firm set up?"  "Generally speaking, the people at the top tend to make more than the people lower down."
"What did Medieval people do before television?"  "Had tea, I suppose."
"Yes..but I'm a CHOSEN Heathen!"
'Tis an ill wind that blows no minds.
'Twas Brillig, and the slithey toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; all mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
... is exhibited in the radical endosemic character of the sign as such.
:-X     My lips are sealed, @FN@.
@FN@, I do not understand the threat I bring to you.
A conservative is a liberal who has been mugged.
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste.
A few thousand rads never hurt anybody.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A good fight is like a stick of broccoli, but different.
A good hot dog feeds the hand that bites it.
A good man has few enemies.  A ruthless man has none.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A hard drive is more satisfying than a soft floppy!
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A liberal is a conservative who has been arrested.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation. -- H. H. Munroe
A little madness now and then is relished by the wisest men.
A little rudeness and disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills and add drama to an otherwise dull day.
A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles.  Structurally, there's no discernible difference.  Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts.  Why should I be concerned?
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A much-discussed alternative to homogeneous big-bang nucleosynthesis has been the first-order quark-hadron phase-transition-inspired inhomogeneous model.
A nudist is just a person in a one-button suit.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A small mind is a tidy mind.
A sucking chest wound is just nature's way of telling you to slow down.
A thousand lips, a thousand tongues, a thousand throats, a thousand lungs... a thousand ways to make it true, I want to do terrible things to you
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A virus is a Daemon with an attitude problem!
A woman is only a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Abortion kills, but so does McDonalds.
Above all things, revere yourself.
Ack!!
Acting without thinking can be awfully entertaining.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Ad astra per aspera.
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
After all, we only go around once.  There's really no time to be afraid.
Ah-ah, Mr. Wiiilson.  Ah-ah, Mr. Heath.
All Hail Discordia.
All Wood?  Oh!  AL Wood.  I didn't see the missing "L" at first.
All biography is ultimately fiction.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
All in favor of telekinesis, raise my hands.
All men are created unequal.
All men have the right to dig their own graves, and I have the right to sell them the shovels.
All requests for sick leave must be approved two weeks in advance.
All suspects are innocent until proven Discordian in a Court of Chaos.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All you can eat, shrimp
Always store beer in a dark place.
Always tell her she is beautiful, especially if she is not.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
Anarchy -- it's not the law, it's just a good idea.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
And so it begins that some things last forever...
And the Lord spake unto Elvis, "Thou hast spoken against me Elvis, and I curse thee to have thy blue suede shoes trod upon for all time..."
And the first one said to the second one there, "I hope you're having fun."
And the less I seek my source for some definitive, closer I am to fine...
And where you are ain't no good unless you can get away from it
Animals can be driven crazy by placing too many in too small a pen.
Another damned, thick, square book!  Always scribble, scribble, scribble!  Eh, Mr. Gibbon?
Antibiotics, she said.
Any given program, when running, needs debugging.  Any debugged program is obsolete.
Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
Any technology distinguishable from magic is insufficiently advanced.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody got any itch cream?
Anybody who cannot comprehend mathematics is not fully human.  At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wash, cook food, and not make messes on the floor.
Anything I do is purely coincidental.
Anything not nailed down is mine.  Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down.
Are we there yet, Papa Smurf?
Art is dangerous
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as the music's loud enough, we won't hear the world falling apart.
As the Euclideans would have it, irrationality is the square root of all evil.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, if you don't take it out and use it it's going to rust.
Atoms of the World, UNITE (whoops, too late)
Attention all planets of the Solar Federation: We have assumed control.
Ave, Imperator, morituri te salutant...
Awright, you people! Who stole my strawberry preserves?
Bad things come to those who wait too.
Bad times for virii -<
Ban Censorship!
Be careful, or I'll include you in my plans.
Be excellent to each other
Be my brother or I'll kill you.
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors -- and miss.
Because it's there.
Being a doormat gets you walked on.
Being generous is inborn; being altruistic is a learned perversity.
Being good at being stupid doesn't count.
Bela Lugosi's dead.  How about you?
Believe nothing, dare all.
Better to have thirty minutes of wonderful than a lifetime of nothing special.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of all clothes that require new enterprises.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Beyond good and evil lies North Dakota.
Big donkeys, small donkeys, all good to eat.
Bite me, it's fun.
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Bonzo the Demon Dog from Hell with Handlebars for Ears.
Bored people are boring people.
Boxing is a lot like ballet, except that they don't dance, there isn't any music, and they hit each other.
Brain fried -- Core dumped
Bugger off.
Bullshit makes the flowers grow and that's beautiful.
But I don't like Spam!!!
But she looked good in ribbons...
C Error #009: FATAL! Portable code found
CChheecckk  yyoouurr  dduupplleexx  sswwiittcchh..
Can't find his ass with two hands and a periscope/
Cannibalism is a small price to pay for popularity.
Censorship?  We don't have any censorship here.  If we did, I couldn't say ---- or ------ ------!
Change your mind, it's starting to smell.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Chaste makes waste.
Chill out... everything's under control...
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
Coffee sweetened with NO-DOZ...Programmers petrol!
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum: I think I think, therefore I think I am.
Coitus ergo sum.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Common sense is what tells you that the world is flat.
Computers, like cats, can operate crossdimensionally; the trick is in getting them to do what you want.
Confidence: a feeling peculiar to the stage just before full comprehension of the problem.
Confucious says man with no legs bums around.
Congregation, please be seated
Continental Life.  Why do you ask?
Convictions cause convicts.
Could I interest you in a pet rock?
Crazee Eddeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Cthulhu Saves.  He might get hungry later.
Cthulhu for President -- for when you're tired of choosing the _lesser_ of the two evils.
Cthulhu saves our souls and redeems them for valuable coupons later.
Cut the conversation, just open your mouth
Cyberspace is where you are when you're on the telephone.
D'oh!
DON'T call me dude, dude.
Damn the torpedoes.
Dare to be stupid.
Darwin's Law of Carcinogens: Cancer cures smoking.
Dating processes are dependent on the analysis of rocks.
Dead puppies aren't much fun.
Death is an illusion.  Life is a hallucination.  Taxes are objective reality.
Death is just the ultimate expression of radical solipsism.
Death without pain is like a sundae without sprinkles.
Decadent Capitalist and proud of it!
Deceive boys with toys, but men with oaths.
Deity... he's come for me
Del Mar: Where poverty is neither a philosophy nor a way of life.
Delicious and nutritious, tastes like chicken!
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Der Gedanke an den Selbstmord ist ein starkes Trostmittel.
Despite the high cost of living, it remains a popular item.
Did you exchange... a walk-on part in the war... for a lead role in a cage?
Did you hear about Quasimodo?  I had a hunch he was back.
Did you know that if you were a kangaroo, you couldn't be a mailman?
Did you know that lithium builds up in the fatty tissues of the body?
Ding a ding-dang my dang-a-long ling-long
Do I *amuse* you?  Am I a *clown* to you?
Do it for the Widow's Son.
Do it, or you'll be fishing yak cheese from your nostrils!
Do not call up that which you cannot put on hold.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not remove tag under penalty of law.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not taunt the Happy Fun Ball.  If Happy Fun Ball starts to smoke, run away and take cover.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do what keepeth thou from wilting shall be the law of the Hole.
Do you ever feel like putting your fist through a window just so you can feel something?
Do you ever get feelings of Deja Vu?
Do you ever get feelings of Deja Vu?
Don't believe in the Uzi, it just went off in my hand.
Don't believe them, don't believe them, question everything you're told
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't give up, push a pawn
Don't have a cow, man.
Don't knock masturbation; isn't sex with someone you love the best kind?
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder
Don't open your eyes, you won't like what you see; the devils of truth steal the souls of the free... don't open your eyes, take it from me -- I have found you can find happiness in slavery...
Don't panic.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't worry.  Baldrick has a cunning plan.
Dont'cha hate it when that happens?
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Drive carefully.  90% of the people in the world are caused by accidents.
Drive defensively; buy a tank.
Drive your cart and plow over the bones of the dead.
Driving makes you stupid; the more you drive, the stupider you get.
Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side and a dark side, and it binds the universe together.
Due to circumstances within our control, tomorrow will be cancelled.
During the Asparagus Season, members are requested not to relieve themselves in the hatstand.
Dying can be hazardous to your health.
Dying is easy.  Comedy is hard.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man stupid and blind in the eyes.
Earn cash in your spare time, blackmail your friends.
Eek!
Eggs on top, canned goods on the bottom...
Et sic patet quod totus mundus est sicut unum speculum plenum luminibus praesentantibus divinam sapientam, et sicut carbo effundens lucem.
Eureka!
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Everybody is equal here.  It's just some people are more equal than others.
Everybody looks brave holding a machine gun.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop mudding and fall in love!
Everybody ought to have a friend.
Everybody ought to have a maid.
Everyone is gifted. Some just open their packages sooner.
Everything in excess!  To enjoy the flavor of life, take big bites.
Everything is true -- everything is permissible!
Everything you know is wrong!
Evolution doesn't take prisoners.
Ewige Blumenkraft!
Excuse me, what did you say?  Oh, I thought you said "Whop".
Express yourself through supreme bovinity.
FIVE TONS OF FLAX!
Fait accompli...
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Few things work up an appetite like good, wholesome, sadomasochistic sex.
Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Fight crime.  Shoot back.
Fine, DON'T have a nice day, see if I care.
First I must sprinkle you with fairy dust...
Fish heads, fish heads, roly-poly fish heads
Five is a demon.
Flashs in the Pan: Pet Rocks & Rush Limbaugh
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Fliegende Kinderscheisse!
Flixtipix make flossing the cat fun!
Fnord is the second spoon in your Whizz Fizz.
Fnord!
Fnord.
Fnord?
Foolish little minds are consistent among hobgoblins.
For every new foolproof invention there is a new and improved fool.
For f**ks sake, use a condom!
For further information, consult your pineal gland.
For him to get a clue would require heroic implant surgery.
For some reason the concept of sacrificing accuracy to increase efficiency seems inherently wrong.
For such a cute kid, you sure turned out ugly.
Fred and Daphne were swingers.  It's true!  Look at the scarves they wore!
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.
Freedom is just a hallucination created by a pathological lack of paranoia.
Fresh of the Grill: same talk different company!
Frogs are my favorite vegetable.
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli, we are all tools of the Conspiracy...
Frumble!  Frumble!  Istharcity!
Futility is futile.
Fuzzy Wuzzy wuz a bear.
G'day!  Ewige Blumenkraft, Mate!
GARDEN;BOTAN;FLOWER;TREE
Get a hat!  Get a hairy hat!
Get up Dog Boy!  Show them where you come from, show them where you're going!
Girls will be boys and boys will be girls
Give a monkey a brain and he'll swear he's the center of the universe.
Give me a place to stand and I will move the earth.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Go Speed Racer  Go Speed Racer  Go Speed Racer Go
Good, bad, *I'm* the guy with the gun!
Government is a burden on the people.
Greatness is a transitory experience.  It is never consistent.
Green potatoes and green potato chips are to be distinguished from brown potato chips, which are another matter entirely.
Greetings, lowly citizen.  I seek your PEZ!
Gridlock to the max, Jack
Grumplicious Grumplicious Grumplicious!!!
Guns don't kill people, I do.
Guns don't kill people.  Bullets do.
Hail / Praise / Ia / Fuck / Grep / Eat    Eris / "Bob" / Cthulhu / The Conspiracy / Kibo / Spam
Hail Bob!
Hail Eris!
Hail Stones!
Half the trick is knowing the CyberPunks from the CyberPinks.
Happiness comes in packages marked 'Batteries Not Included'.
Happiness is mandatory.  Are you happy?
Hard drugs made me a better person.
Hardware hackers have sensitive probes.
Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hastur Hast... urrrrrrrk!
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
He buy me a soda... he buy me a soda and tried to molest me in the parking lot, yep yep yep yep
He can't be a man cause he does not smoke the same cigarettes as me
He doesn't like me.  HE NEVER LIKED ME!
He sells contact lenses for a cubist world
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who marries the Spirit of his Age, soon becomes a widower.
He's a tragic figure in a paisley shirt
He's a trash-culture king on a four-color throne
Head of Security: Barb Dwyer
Hellllllooooooooo, Nurse!
Help!  There's a cow in my esophagus!
Here he comes -- here comes Speed Racer -- he's a demon on wheels
Heute die Welt, Morgens das Sonnensystem!
Hey, go buy a plane ticket to another state of mind, okay?
Hey, that's just the way the cookie gets completely stomped on and obliterated.
Hey, wow man, they've got codes for mazurkas!
Hey, you've got a third eye!  Uh, never mind... it's just a spot of dirt in the middle of your forehead.
His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools -- the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans - and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, "You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, 
History: an account mostly false, of events mostly unimportant, brought about by rulers mostly knaves and soldiers mostly fools.
Hold on to freedom as long as you can, 'cause the girl in your cell might think she's a man
Hold!  Cease thy stultiloquy!  Oh, not daggers or swords or all the spears in the world stung me greater than this rubbish you throw to the heavens!"
Homosexuality is the best all around cover an agent ever had.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Horniness is a quintessential example of hope.
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
How do you make a cat go moo?  Ask it "Does a dog have the Buddha-nature?"
How many times do I have to tell you that drilling holes in your head will not relieve stress?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How untasteful can you get?
Humans sure have a strange way of dying.
Humans: Bet you can't eat just one.
I *almost* stole a tagline! I'm so ashamed!
I admit that I am powerless over fish innards.
I am GOD here!
I am Zorkon, this is my brother Zenon, and this is my other brother Zenon.
I am always right.  Except when I'm left, or bluffing.
I am feeling so grey today...
I am living in denial.
I am sooo DE-VO!  How long can this go on?!
I am still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I am the Electric Messiah; an AC/DC god.
I am woman!  Hear me whine!
I believe that everyone is entitled to my opinion.
I call her Attila, 'cuz she's my Hun...
I came, I saw, she conquered.
I dance around and sing a song and know that I can do no wrong.
I didn't claw my way to the top of the food chain to eat vegetables!
I didn't yield to temptation.  I came to a complete stop.
I don't believe in reason, objective reality or collective farming.
I don't have a drinking problem... I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.  No problem.
I don't want anybody else; when I think about you I touch myself
I hate myself to sleep at night
I hate people who think it's clever to take drugs -- like customs officials.
I hate prejudiced people.
I have come to chew bubble gum and kick ass, and I'm all out of gum!
I have nothing to declare, except my genius.
I haven't lost my mind; it's back up on tape somewhere.
I hear music!
I intend to live forever or die trying.
I just like to say quark, quark, quark, quark, quark, quark...
I just walk right through the door...
I know the road, I know where it goes; that's why I'm going so slow...
I know your secret.
I like winter.  I like the cold.  I like the sound of flowers dying.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like you, Sali.  That's why I'm going to kill you last.
I live like this 'cuz I like it; I've seen too much to pretend
I looked up at her and asked how much is that gonna cost?
I love the absolution of all jocks and preps -- Skate or die!!!
I may have my faults, but being wrong isn't one of them.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as long as a week sometimes to make it up.
I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts
I must not fear.  Fear is the mind-killer.  Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration.  I will face my fear.  I will permit it to pass over me and through me.  And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path.  Where the f
I need someone real bad.  Are you real bad?
I never met a repo man who didn't do speed.
I never remember a face, but I always forget a name.
I once waxed the floors of a nursing home, pulled off all the rubber feet on the walkers, and yelled "FIRE!"
I only kill to know I'm alive.
I prefer to think of them as the Ten Suggestions.
I salivate at the sight of mittens.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive for a second.
I seem to be having tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle.
I started to correct my mistakes, but realized what I was doing in time.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think you had better start lining your hat with tinfoil.
I used to be self-actualized, now I'm just confused.
I wanna reach up and touch the sky; I wanna touch the sun but I don't wanna fry
I will never lie to you.
I will not celebrate meaningless milestones [100th "special" episode]
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wouldn't know how to act if I weren't in trouble.
I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs and insanity for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
I'd give it a 10, but you can't do the batoosie to it.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
I'll be back.
I'll get all of you someday.  I'll wipe out your whole family.
I'll heal your wounds, I'll set you free; I'm Jesus Christ on ecstasy
I'm a Fun Guy from Yuggoth.
I'm a solipsist, I don't see why other people aren't that way...
I'm fond of children -- except for boys.
I'm just a revved up youth on a thrill-kill rampage.
I'm looking for a cynical girl
I'm not as think as you stoned I am.
I'm not dead yet!
I'm not dead.
I'm not sure of what I should do -- when every thought I'm thinking of is you
I'm not wearing any underwear
I'm not wearing any underwear.
I'm sorry -- my karma ran over your dogma.
I'm sorry, I become inaudible when I am shy.
I'm sorry, did I assassinate your penguin?
I'm the one from the registry office.
I've always maintained that one should never tangle with anything that has more teeth than the Osmond family.
I've come a long way since I've believed in anything
I've given up the search for reality; now I'm just looking for a good fantasy.
I've seen the future and I leave it all behind
I... I believe in love
I... have become... comfortably numb
IBM: It's Become Monolithic
If Cthulhu calls... let the machine pick it up.
If Goddess had intended humans to smoke, She would have set them on fire.
If I let you go, do you think you could fly?
If I was a woman I'd stay at home all day and play with my breasts.
If I were you I'd dance naked in the middle of the street just to embarrass you.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, try following the instructions.
If infinite rednecks fired infinite shotguns at an infinite number of road signs, they'd eventually create all the great literary works of the world in braille.
If it looks like a duck, acts like a duck, and quacks like a duck it is probably just a tool of the conspiracy.
If it weren't for lawyers, I think we could have invented a universal symbolic representation of reality.
If it's comprehensible, it's obsolete.
If opportunity knocks, go to bed with your pants on.
If she doesn't scare ya, no evil thing will...
If the shoe fits, its ugly.
If this is paradise, I wish I had a lawnmower.
If vegetarians eat vegetables, I guess that makes me a humanitarian.
If you act enthusiastic, you'll be enthusiastic!
If you are sitting, just sit.  If you are walking, just walk.  Above all, don't wobble.
If you are what you eat, I could be you by morning.
If you can't see the fnords, they can't eat you.
If you do that you have a chance of dying
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you feel like you've got to lead, at least get out of my way.
If you have to ask, you're not allowed to know.
If you hit a man over the head with a fish, he'll have a headache for a day.  But if you teach a man to hit himself over the head with a fish, he'll have headaches for the rest of his life.
If you only want to go 500 miles, can you begin with a halfstep?
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you want to be a Raelet, you gotta let Ray.
If you were everyone but one person i would listen to everyone else.
If you're so special, why aren't you dead?
If your face were a tree, it would be different.
Ignorance can be cured -- but stupid is forever.
Imagery is All In The Mind.
Impressive; but how big's your dick?
In empty spaces I twist and talk, and come down with the roar of thunder
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In the not too distant future, next Sunday A.D....
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
In-con-CEIvable!
Initiative comes to those who wait.
Is it just me or are all uncles either really cool, or child molestors?
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to have loved and lost than to have just lost.
It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.  It is by the Coca-Cola that the thoughts acquire speed, the lips acquire stains, the stains become a warning.  It is by caffeine alone that I set my mind in motion.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It is easy to be tolerant when you do not care.
It is hard for me to find the right thing to say when I find myself in a room full of cockroaches.
It is my firm belief that it is a mistake to hold firm beliefs.
It is not down on any map; true places never are.
It is not enough merely to succeed: one's friends must also fail.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It isn't the fall that kills the child, it is the splattering of the brain against the inside of the skull.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up.
It would be absurd to leave the Suez Canal and the Panama Canal to the unfettered control of the populations through whose territory they pass.
It would have worked, too, if it hadn't been for those meddling kids and their fucking dog!
It would seem that no matter how you slice it, it still comes up Velveeta.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's always easier to just fall than to try to climb.
It's an Elder Thing -- you wouldn't understand.
It's an IBM, it's got an excuse.
It's called EVIL, kid.
It's later than you think.
It's not for you or I, Carruthers; nor for the regiment: it's for the Empire.
It's not that life is too short, it's that death is too long.
It's not that they die, but that they die like sheep.
It's now tomorrow
Ivana used to be Donald's trompe l'oeil.
JOEY!  JOEY!  JOEY THE LEMUR!
JUMPIN' JESUS ON A POGO STICK!
Jake liked his women how he liked his kiwi fruit; firm yet yielding, sweet yet tart, and covered with short fuzzy brown hair.
Javacise - Burst of motion after spilling coffee in one's lap.
Je suis un chou-fleur sous un echequier enorme.
Jesus loves me, but he can't stand you.
Jesus loves you.  Everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Join the Cthulhu Corps; it's not just a job, it's a higher position under an elder god.
Just a simple 'Yes' or 'No'    is all I understand
Just as Schopenhauer predicted, absolutely nothing is happening.
Just say NO to single-menu BBS software!
Kill two birds with one stone.  Feed the homeless to the hungry.
Klein bottle for sale.  Inquire within.
Know new taxes! says President Bush...
Kryten, unpack Rachel and get out the puncture repair kit!
Kzin Zen Master: "What is the sound of one paw slashing?"
LSD melts in your mind, not in your hands.
La-la la-la-la-la la-la-la-la-la!
Last time I was stoned, I tried to eat an airport.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let me know when something normal happens.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let's all get together and throw flingbobs
Liberals don't believe they deserve anything they own; conservatives think they're entitled to everything they've stolen.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
Life is like pudding; soft and squishy.
Life is ours.  We live it our way.
Life is sometimes like a pizza round: hot, greasy, and delivered by a guy named 'Tony'.
Life is the stuff that happens to you while you're making other plans.
Like many of the finer things in life, sex often comes with a side of fries.
Lions: 5, Christians: 0.
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
Live Long and Perspire.
Living right doesn't really make you live longer, it just SEEMS like longer.
Look out, you're gonna craaash.
Loot, pollute and scoot
Love as it exists in society is merely the mingling of two fantasies and the contact of two skins.
Love is a many-splintered thing
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love's as good as soma!
MITCHELL!  Even his name says, "Uh, is that a beer?"
Macintosh error message: "Weird disk error"
Make it so!
Make your own mistakes, not somebody else's.
Man steps in with a terminal grin... blue skies turn to grey...
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Mankind has been on a bad trip for a long time now.
Mars needs women.
Mashed potatoes can be your friend.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Maximum capacity eight persons.
May the road rise up and fall on you.
Megaton Man on patrol!
Men are more sentimental than women.  It blurs their thinking.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Mind if I rape your daughter
Mind your own business, Spock.  I'm sick of your half-breed interference.
Mmm.  I forgot about that.
Moderation is for monks.
Mommy's all right, Daddy's all right, they just seem a little weird
Momomoto, Famous Japanese, can swallow his nose.
Monday is an awful way to spend one-seventh of your life.
Money can't buy happiness, but poverty can't buy ANYTHING.
Money is truthful.  When a man speaks of honor, make him pay cash.
Most people do not know how to behave in a massacre.
Mouse not found: Boot cat? (Y/N)
Moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear.
Mow Mow Boppa Mow Mow Mow
My biology I know.  You I worry about.
My father was a good woman.
My favorite food is squirrel, but I want to fight with glory.
My favorite weapon is the look in your eyes
My friend Goo has a real time too; she always knows just what to do
My inner child can beat up your inner child.
My karma ran over my dogma
My moral standing is lying down.
My oh my!  Life sure is easier with my new Salad Shooter (R) !
My powers are beyond your understanding!
My question is simply this: Are you menstruating?
My whole life is a darkroom, one... big... dark... room.
My, don't we all look _smashing_ in red.
Nemo me impune lacessit.
Never appeal to a man's "better nature".  He may not have one.
Never attempt to distract a masturbating gorilla.
Never eat at a place called Mom's.
Never eat more than you can lift.
Never give an inch!
Never go up against a Sicilian when death's on the line!
Never judge a man till you have walked a mile in his shoes, 'cuz by then, he's a mile away, you've got his shoes, and you can say whatever the hell you want to.
Never rent a car to a racecar driver...!
Never sign a contract including any of the phrases "sort of", kind of", or "and stuff".
Never trust a cop with a rubber glove.
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
New York, Tokyo, Paris, Hood River
Nice computers don't go down...
Nid yw Cymru ar werth!
Nietzsche thought he was the Antichrist or Dionysus, but that was after the syphilis crossed the blood-brain barrier.
Nil illegitimo carborundum.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No girdle ever cured a pregnancy.
No man is an island, but then no man is a potato salad, either.
No matter how bad it is, there's always worse.
No matter how good it is, there's always better.
No matter where you are, there you go?  Wait a second.
No matter where you go... there you are.
No you don't understand, see you don't understand...
No, just the nipple-cones, officer, just the nipple-cones.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nothing is true.  Everything is permitted.
Nothing quite like the feel of something new...
Occam was never the target of a conspiracy.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of course I still love you.  Now stop whining and let me shoot you.
Of course it belongs to me, I'm a communist.
Of course it's the murder weapon.  Who would frame someone with a fake?
Of course you realize this means war.
Often I think I am a special agent of Billy Graham.
Ogden's Law: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
Oh dear, I've gone and inflated my ego.
Oh for the wings of any bird, other than a battery hen...
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, I wish I were an Oscar Meyer weiner...
Oh, fuck!  You did it just like i told you to!
Oh, my God!  ARTHUR, I HAVE POCKETS!
Oh, no, not again.
Oh, squirt.
Okay, everybody in this room who's telekinetic, raise my hand.
Okay, everyone out of the gene pool!
Okay, something here's really fucked up.
Okay, you guys having sex here, let's see some skill rolls!
On Earth there is no reckoning.
On a scale of 1 to 4, what are your feelings about the colour green?
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
One should not act and speak as if one were asleep.
Only the lavender prairie dogs know the key to unlock the secret of the tumble-weeds.
Only you can prevent forest fires.
Ooooooeee!  They sure serve up them four-year-olds good, don't they?
Operator halted!  Startrek's on!
Our cause is a secret within a secret, a secret that only another secret can explain; it is a secret about a secret veiled by a secret.
Our god's the FUN god!  Our god's the SUN god!  Ra!  Ra!  Ra!
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.  Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Overall, there was a smell of fried onions.
PERSEPHONE (Per-SEH-fun-ee) n: Greek goddess of bills
Pain looks good on other people; that's what they're for.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Parking lot:  A place where arguments start from scratch...
Pass the pickles.
Pay careful attention to the Tao-Jones Average.
Penguin lust!
People are blinky
People humiliating a salami!
People who emit Cherenkov radiation make me nervous.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Percepi et esse.
Pig's in zen...
Please go away.
Portions of the preceding were recorded.  As for the rest of it, I'm very much afraid it was all in your mind.
Power corrupts.  Absolute power is kinda neat.
Profanity: the single language in which all programmers are expert.
Progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance
Proletarian revolutions are notably ineffective when the ruling class is composed of gods.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Prudence is a rich, ugly old maid courted by incapacity.
Quack!
Quantum Express: When you absolutely, positively, don't know where it's going or when it needs to be there.
Quantum particles: the dreams that stuff is made of.  -- David Moser
Que sera, serotonin.
Question Authority -- and the authorities will question you.
Question reality.
Quite content to sit on this fence... quite content, now a little bit older...
RAAAIIID!!!???
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Real punk rockers don't smile.
Reality is the temporary resultant of the struggle between rival gangs of programmers.
Remember, we have to get the baby out of the oven today.
Reverend!
Rose tint my world and keep me safe from the trouble and pain...
Roses are red, she said, and violents are blue
Rub her feet.
Rush Limbaugh: Radio's answer to Professional Wrestling
SLACK: Get it while you can.
SPOON!
Sarcasm helps you avoid telling people what you really think of them.
Sarcasm is a sign of genius.
Save the whales!  Collect the whole set!
Say what you mean and say it mean...
Seattle Rain Festival - Jan. 1 to Dec. 31
Second star on the right, and onward 'till dawn
Secret to long life and prosperity: Don't spin too fast.
See side panel for exciting recipe ideas.
Semper Non Sequitur!
Sha-ZAM sirrah!
She has a really opulent body; just ripe for dissecting.
She's a virgin child with deviant dreams.
Shoes for industry!
Sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.
Sinister Dexter has a broken spirometer.
Sir, you have tasted two whole worms; you have hissed all my mystery lectures and been caught fighting a liar in the quad; you will leave Oxford by the next town drain.
Sleep is nature's way of telling you to go to bed.
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
Smile or I'll kill you.
Smile, and the whole world thinks you're laughing at them.
SnaKES!  snakES... SnakeS... SnAKes!
So close, no matter how far... couldn't be much more from the heart.  Forever trusting who we are, and nothing else matters.
So long, and thanks for all the fish.
So... so you think you can tell... heaven from hell
Some girls are bigger than others.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Sometimes I become spell-bound in the middle of Wal-Mart.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Spacetime isn't curved, it's positively bent.
Spam was, Spam is and Spam shall be.  After summer is winter, and after winter, summer.  It ruled once where Man rules now; where Man rules now, it shall rule again.  As a foulness shall ye know it.
Specialization is for insects.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Stamp out the post office!  Mail electronically.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
Stop!  I'm a girl whose fingernails are made of a mother's pearl...
Strike any user to continue.
Study demonology with an enemy this Sunday.
Sturgeon's Law:  Ninety percent of everything is crud.
Sum id quod sum et id totum est quod sum.
Support bacteria.  They're the only culture some people have.
Sure I believe in peace.  Peace through superior firepower.
Surrealism aims at the total transformation of the mind and all that resembles it.
TEACHERS do it repeatedly
TWISTER FOR MONEY, TWISTER FOR BLOOD!
Take care of the cojones and the frijoles will take care of themselves.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take no prisoners, we can't feed them.
Take the skin and peel it back... now doesn't it make you feel better?
Take thee this thing covered with that stuff and give it unto that guy, that he may do things with it.
Telecommunications is a bit far fetched.
Thaaaaaat's niiiiiice.
Thank you for shopping at S-Mart.
That be some righteous dub mon.
That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all.
That which does not kill me had better run pretty damn fast.
That which is not forbidden is mandatory.
That's what she said.
The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and three hundred sixty-two admonishments to heterosexuals.  That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals.  It's just that they need more supervision.
The Buck stops here, the Doe just visits..
The Californians are an idle thriftless people, and can make nothing for themselves.
The Czech's in the mail. Sending Frenchman by FAX.
The Delta-United Ring Formation Theory states that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
The Earth Will Shake.
The Eleventh Commandment: Thou shalt not get caught.
The Greasy Spoon: Chris Coe
The Heirophant is Disguised and Confused.
The Jetdillo Project: 2000 pounds of steel, 20,000 pounds of thrust.  One pair of very dark shades.  The world's first fully cybernetic, SSTO-capable armadillo.  Coming soon from Armadillo Labs.  The Dasypian Future begins tommorrow...
The Rule of Fives states that all things happen in fives, or are divisible by or are multiples of five, or are somehow directly or indirectly related to five.  The Rule of Fives is never wrong.
The backbone of this country is the independent trucks.
The best teddy bears are the live kind.
The charms of a woman are directly related to the speed of her passing.
The classical Greeks were not influenced by the classical Greeks.
The concept is simply staggering.  Pointless, but staggering.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The denizens of this sizzling-hot, freezing-cold, rocky, rotten island were monsters -- huge or miserably stunted, fat or scraggly, dry or slimy, with scales, warts, pimples, tentacles, talons, fangs, extra arms, eyes, legs, tails, and even heads, all in 
The door is the key.
The early worm gets the bird.
The first step to a person's heart is to confuse the fuck out of 'em.
The following statement is not true: 
The future ain't what it used to be.
The hipbone's connected to the... jawbone?
The honest way to money is through aardvark.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The meek will inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
The moral of the story is: Kill the parents kill the children.
The more it stays the same, the less it changes.
The more people I meet, the more I love my battleaxe.
The most useful tool for dealing with management types is, of course, an automatic weapon.
The mutant alien skull man has a smile for all smiles, an answer for all answers.
The next person to pass us will die within a fortnight.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
The only good Smurf is a dead Smurf.
The only real problem in life is what to do next.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds.  The pessimist is afraid that it is.
The plural of spouse is spice.
The president's weird.  He's got a burgundy beard.  It's a ripoff.
The problem with troubleshooting is that real trouble shoots back.
The quickest way to a man's heart is through his ribcage.
The rain, it raineth on the Just and the Unjust fella.  But chiefly on the Just because the Unjust steals the Just's umbrella.
The rarity of genuine feeling in human society sometimes makes me stop in the street to watch a dog gnawing a bone.
The reason people get lost in thought is because it is, to many, rather unfamiliar territory.
The secret of the universe is @*&^^^ NO CARRIER
The three greatest men who ever lived were Eleanor Roosevelt.
The time for bickering has past. Now is the time to drop our gloves.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
The two most common things in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The universe is like a grapefruit -- it's yellow and dimply, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
The wind is loud and sometimes pungent.
The wind is plowed and sometimes sturgeon.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The world is coming to an end.  Please log off.
The world laughs at Bill Clinton.
The world owes all its onward impulses to men ill at ease.  The happy man confines himself within ancient limits.
There ain't no justice
There are three magical words that make everyone feel happy... 'no compilation errors'.
There are trivial truths and there are great truths.  The opposite of a trivial truth is plainly false.  The opposite of a great truth is also true.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley; LSD and BSD Unix.  We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
There is a skeleton in every old house.
There is no "A" in "KERNEL"!
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There were Arabs with knives at the foot of the bed.
There's a party in my mind, and I can never leave.
There's nothing wrong with you a shotgun blast to the face couldn't fix.
There's someone in my head, but it's not me
Therefore, knowing that you are merely human, do not assign yourself merit.
These are the pale deaths which men miscall their lives; for all the scents of green things growing, each breath is but an exhalation of the grave.  Bodies jerk like puppet corpses, and hell walks laughing --
They are a puckish band of rapscallions
They just buzzed and buzzed.....buzzed.
Think "HONK" if you're a telepath!
This is my steakhouse.
This is precisely the sort of thing that people who like this sort of thing will like.
This is the most amazing loaf of bread I've ever owned.
This is where I get off...
This side up.
This statement is false.
This statement is false.
This town needs an enema.
Those students who have become one with the universe will be allowed to go on and become two with the universe.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who play with the Stone get screwed by the Stone.
Thou shalt not misspell thine neurotransmitters.
Though it all looks different now, I know it's still the same...
Tiger Tim the Tightrope Walker, tried to steal the drag queen's daughter.
Time Warner: bringing you the finest in cradle-to-grave thought management.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
Time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils.
Time is a plaything for children and fools.
Time is a spiral, space is a curve, I know you get dizzy but try not to lose your nerve
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is an illusion.  Lunchtime doubly so.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
To be happy living in this world, there are sides of the soul one must entirely paralyze.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; to criticize the competent is difficult.
To err is human; to forgive is not company policy.
To have too much and not enough is like a boat person with sideburns.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
Today is an excellent day to become a missing person.
Today is the first day of the rest of my death.  Tommorrow will be the next day of it.  Bwwaahh.
Tongue-tied and twisted, just an earthbound misfit, I.
Tony Orlando and DAWN!
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
Truly, the road to enlightenment is like unto half a mile of broken glass.
Trust I seek and I find in you, everyday to eat something new.
Try enjoying yourself.  Everyone else has.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Tyger, tyger, burning bright, in the forests of the night; what immortal hand or eye could frame thy fearful symmetry?
Uh, Josh, you have to do a QC before you say "go away" for it to be a banishing.
Um.  No.  It's not mayonnaise.
Until, one by one... HE DESTROYED THEM ALL!
Use no hooks.
Use only as directed.
Useless Invention:  Flame-retardant gasoline.
Vacuum packed for freshness.
Vee off ze KGB are not ez slow ez you tink, comrade.
Vegetables are murder.
Virginity can be cured.
WARNING!  COLDBEER.CAN found, programmer probably loaded.
WARNING: The vomitous nature of certain sequences may be emotionally hazardous for the squeamish or those with weak hearts.
WINDOWS MULTITASKS! (in a DesqView window)
Wake up, the whole world's gone...
Walk in shadow, walk in dread, Loosefish walk as like one dead
Was it worth it?
Was uns nicht umbringt macht mir bis 1500 naechsten nachmittag schlafen.
Watch me as I swing my hips... around.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We are all Children of Cthulhu -- especially the ones with lots of tentacles.
We are sorry, you have reached an imaginary number.  Please rotate your phone ninety degrees and try again.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
We asked for Mojo Nixon, they said "He don't work here"
We come in peace... shoot to kill...
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
We don't hate vegetarians, we just think they're funny.
We don't morally censure you.  We just want the money.
We don't take no shit from a machine.
We find the defendant innocent by reason of being generally clueless.
We intend to destroy all dogmatic verbal systems.
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
We should build an Intel processor out of penguins.
We're gonna go to the mall and window shoplift...
We're just two lost souls swimmin' in a fishbowl, year after year
We're not doing scientific research, we're killing people.
Weather's here, wish you were beautiful.
Wedding rings: the world's smallest handcuffs.
Welcome to Borger King.  Your way will be assimilated.
Welcome to the Federal Bureau for Reducing Bureaucracy!
Well, Katrina likes it.
Well, it looks like blind, screaming hedonism won out.
Whadya know?  Not much, you?
What a useless scroll, all it says is "Hastur Hastur Hastur" over and over again.
What do you call a well-hung bear? Genital Ben.
What do you get if you cross an elephant with a grape?  |grape| * |elephant| * sin(theta).
What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What happens when you cut back the jungle?  It recedes.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.
What poor gods we do make.
What rolls down T3s, boosts connect fees, and makes your throughput drag?  Makes it tough to hack, won't get off your back, it's lag lag lag!
What's blue and square?  An orange in disguise...
What's so funny 'bout Peace, Love, and Understanding?
Whatever happened to Rodney Allen Rippy?  Check your Jumbo Jack.
When Cthulhu calls, he calls collect.
When I die, I want to go peacefully in my sleep like my father did, not screaming in terror like his passengers.
When in doubt, fuck it.  When not in doubt... get in doubt!
When life gives you a lemon, say 'Lemons?  I like lemons.  What else have you got?'
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the naive man admits his naivete, he is no longer naive.  Thus, all people are regarded by society as either ignorant or a liar.
When we talk about property, state, masters, government, laws, courts, and police, we say only that we don't want any of them.
When you have had all that you can take, put the rest back.
When you reach the crossroads, take it.  - Yogi Berra
When you're a god, you don't have to have reasons.
Whenever I hear the word "culture", it makes me want to reach for my revolver.
Where is the ANY key when you want it.
Which caused little rhythmic darts of red to pulsate gently in the morning sun.
Which part of the chicken is the noodle from?
Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Who loathes you, and who do you love?  CTHULHU!
Why ask why, just shut up and die
Why is the cheese moving?
Win a live rat for your mother-in-law!
With a name like Mangled Baby Ducks, you know it's gotta be good!
Wonders never cease, as long as you never cease to wonder.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if everyone renounced violence forever?  I could then conquer the whole stupid planet with just a butter knife.
Wow, man... like, totally Hidden Valley Ranch, dude.
Xyzzy doesn't mean shit.
YOU ALL FUCING SUCK
YOU kill it -- I'm bitter.
Yesterday a postal worker asked me what type of handgun he should buy.
Yield to oncoming traffic.
Yield to temptation; it may not pass your way again.
Yo!  Ewige Blumenkraft, Dude!
You DON'T want me to translate that.  No, really you don't.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You can't be late until you show up.
You can't lick the system, but you can certainly give it a damn good fondling...
You cannot lie to me.  I know everything.
You don't have a disease.  You just live in New Jersey.
You grok?
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You killed Ted, you medieval dickweed!
You know it's a bad morning when you get up out of bed and miss the floor.
You know what I always say...
You know what, Stuart?  I like you.  You're not like the other people, here, in the trailer park.
You know, that's a pretty daring move for a weatherman.
You laugh just like the angles dancing on the head of the pin jabbed into my mind's eye.
You live and learn.  Or you don't live long.
You lookin' at me?  You lookin' at me?!
You may be redneck if people ask permission to hunt in the front yard.
You may be redneck if you've ever filled a deer tag on a golf course.
You mean you need drugs to hallucinate?
You now have Asian Flu.
You see, without that little doohicky, the universe stops.
You took my breath away and now I want it back.
You will find that the State is the kind of organization which, while it does big things badly, does small things badly too.
You wouldn't be so smug if you really knew what was going on.
You'll be the first ones up against the wall when the revolution comes.
You're a jerk, Dent.  A complete kneebiter.
You're about as subtle as a tank.
You're not really drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
You're so hardcore, you're punk rock.
You're twisted, depraved, and rotten to the core... I like that in a person.
You've caught an even atom tan
You, you, you shouldn't, you shouldn't traumatize women with sexual intercourse.  I should know, I'm a medieval doctor, I own a mansion and a yacht.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to flallop about wildly.
Your mother wears combat boots.  But I like combat boots.
Your weakness is money in their bank.
_The Big U_ and _Snow Crash_ both center around cerebral bicamerality... but is that because Neal Stephenson has a Jaynes addiction?
pulled out a pair of pliers and pulled a bullet out of my chest
reality.sys corrupted.  universe halted.  reboot (y/n)?
ridiculous arrangements.
so let's have a drink."
werd,..... i love you..
