* <- tribble  * <- his evil tribble twin, skippy
* <- tribble  <*<- grinning tribble
* <- tribble  {{:-(*) - klingon eating a tribble
* bwave/qwk v2.30 * offline e-mail from cutting edge
... but, the cats were cool and never said a mumblin' word!
I'm so fucking lagged I might as well be gone
a.a.u.w. -- the american association of ugly wimmin  
aardvark: strenuous labor.
abducted by aliens
alaskan visuals by a. roaring boring alice
alternate zucchini use #12:  club open-mindedness into conservatives.
and now, radio four will explode.
and the general sat and the lines on the map moved from side to side
another liberal lemming leaps off the cliff to oblivion!
as funny asa brain tumor.
at microsoft, quality it job 1.1!
bother! said pooh, as he put a pin in the piglet doll.
bowman hesitates. you're not ibm compatible.
brothel : new zealand sheep mustering yard.
c programmers continue it.
chelsea clinton is worth a thousand condom commercials.
click  click  click  damn, out of ferret taglines!
clinton defense #1:  hey, i just do what the wife says.
contradiction:  stubbornness versus stupidity.
courage is the complement of fear. -- heinlein
cows may come and cows may go, but the bull goes on forever.
cthulhu is a h.p. lovecraft thing...
dubious metrics: 10^21 piccolos = 1 gigolo
error in reality.sys, <a>lter reality, <r>un fantasy.com intead?
ew! there are mice on the table! -arthur dent
feminizt's minds are closed for repairs. 
for sale: galaxy class starship, one owner. contact quark.
get away from the dynamite, tom said explosively.
getting a blow job...
give us more responsibility - b. clinton
gone to the park bbl
good idea: kissing a loved one. bad idea: kissing a total stranger.
good: hot outdoor sex.  bad: you're arrested.  worse: by your husband.
has your wife's hair-do ever been ruined by a ceiling fan?
hate to drag this out but i need the screen time - tom
hello. 1-900-spank-me - crow as adam west on phone
how do you know when you run out of invisible ink?
how many minbari does it take to screw in a lightbulb? sheridan
how to stay poor and enjoy it less by i.r.s.
i love my windows 95! ummmm errrr  96! umm nope that's not it 97!
i opened the book of enlightenment and saw only myself! <cord>
i put my hand on her belly, and she said would you like to fill me?
i see my signal's turned from green to red. -- hendrix
i thought they'd cured that in 1940. said the doctor.
i wish i was someone else.  then i could kiss myself. -- cat
i'll eat you for lunch any day.
i'm all over that like a cheap suit.
i've seen centipedes and snakes and my head is full of aches.....
if i hold you any closer i'll be in back of you. - groucho marx
if u keep a can of raid on the kitchen table.. you might be a redneck.
im fucking my sister!$%
insert foot in mouth, chew thoroughly, echo internationally...
kate smith - it's over. i sang.
kosh??? - sheridan
life's a piece of shit, when you look at it.
lumptadump: stack of trash bags sitting by the curb.
may your daughters be like the flowers in the field -- wither away and f
mechanical engineers do it with fluid dynamics
memory chip makers love windows!
murphy's law of sex:  this won't hurt, i promise.
my one regret in life is that i'm not someone else.
national directory of irish aa members  - short book
nixon had watergate, clinton has whitewater.
novel, baldrick...not navel. i sent him my novel. -edmund
now i have 1 less incident to tease you about! - dragonrider
on their knees the war pigs crawling...
only two things can top sex: whipped cream and a cherry.
or worse, not to have a mind -dan quayle
oxymoron: humane society
people of stature: people who don't need status.
please Leave a Message or something...
potty emergency!  wakko warner
profanity -- not just for windows users.
quarks -- the cheers of the 24th century, and beyond...
rampart how do you read? uh, never got past 3d grade -tom
scully: i don't know, i've never had the pleasure.
she is so flat her baby had to nurse with a straw.
size matters not. judge me by my size, do you? --yoda
slogan for pentium: 3.998245917 division considered harmful.
someone could get hurt. lore
something would have to be done... something irresponsible...
stay tuned as the canadiens smoke roger's team.
steers like a dream! - yakko
taco bell grandee: taco's owner.
testing this new script
the gf is here, gotta run errr get busy
the high school bigshot! - tom sings
the letter `n' could be a vowel if someone stood up for it.
w a r n i n g!! recipes are v e r y addictive!!
wait'll my young life meeting hears - tom
we are all driven into the same fold.<horace (8 bc)>
we haven't met before. exactly. kirk re moreau
werd.. away
what the hell do you want? go away
when should i telephone my lawyer?
windows error #3214: operator out of patience!
wishing you and yours a very merry christmas and a happy new year!!
worf! still struggling up that evolutionary ladder?--q
you are someone else i am still right here
you call this a storm??!! lt. dan on hurricane carmen
you idiots!  you've captured their stunt doubles!
you see the nipples on that dog?!? - tom
you're stinking on purpose, anrn't you?
your mother is so fat, she jumped for joy and got stuck.
