'The Geek shall inherit the earth.' - Linus 5:5
665.9238429876 - Number of the Pentium Beast
A bad random number generator: 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4.33e+67, 1, 1, 1...
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A program is a device used to convert data into error messages.
A)bort, R)etry, I)nfluence with large hammer.
ACK and you shall receive.
AFX Analogue Bubblebath
APATHY ERROR: Don't bother striking any key.
Acid Resistant is great
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Application has reported a 'Not My Fault' in module KRNL.EXE in line 0200:103F
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Bad command or file name. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaaay...
Behind every good computer -- is a jumble of wires 'n stuff.
C Programmers do it recursively.
C.O.B.O.L - Completely Obsolete Boring Old Language.
Calculating in binary code is as easy as 01,10,11.
Computer Science: solving today's problems tomorrow.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Core Dump, The shit has been purged
Drag me, drop me, treat me like an object!
Eh, damn dog always shits in my yard
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
Epigram: Ada is the 400-pound gorilla of programming languages.
Error 69: Excess Orgasm
Error 86: Keyboard not found, press any key to continue
Error 95: Bad user input, replace user and try again
Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
Error: Sector not found -- search behind couch? (Y/N)
Excess Flood    Just Kidding
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven...
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Finish the project. We'll buy you a new family.
God is real... unless declared an integer.
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
I feel like a genocidal maniac when emacs asks me if I want to kill 10789 characters.
I thought I had a back-up, but she refused to type it in again.
ICMP: The protocol that goes PING!
If I were an Apple I wouldn't be here
Intel: We put the 'um...' in Pentium.
Life's unfair - but root password helps!
Linux renders ships, NT is rendering ships useless.
Linux: Because rebooting is for adding new hardware.
Madcows on the loose, mooooo mooooo
Marketer to coder: "You start coding. I'll go find out what they want."
Mountain Dew and doughnuts... because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
My operat~1 system unders~1 long filena~1 , does yours?
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
PCMCIA - People Can't Memorise Computer Industry Acronyms
Ping timeout    Just Kidding
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Programmers never die: They just GOSUB without RETURN.
RTFM: Not just an acronym, it's the LAW!
Real programmers don't document. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
Real_men_don't_need_spacebars.
Remaining time multiplied by distress is constant.
Say hello to Mr. MookaHuka for me
Segmentation Fault, bad fart
Sex, It's whats for dinner
Sleep: A completely inadequate substitute for caffeine.
Software isn't released, it's allowed to escape.
Standards are industry's way of codifying obsolescence.
The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAARRRRGHHHHH!!'.
The world is coming to an end...   SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!
There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works.
Three things are certain: Death, taxes, and lost data. Guess which has occurred...
To know recursion, you must first know recursion.
Universe.SYS corrupted. Reboot? [Y/N]
Unix, BASIC, C, PASCAL, APL, ADA, and PROFANITY spoken here.
VI VI VI The editor of the beast.
Whip me. Beat me. Make me maintain AIX.
vanishing
